doc/dev: Fix broken search links in `Life of a Search Query` (#19330)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/architecture/life-of-a-search-query.md

2. Typing a query into your browser's location bar after configuring a [browser search engine shortcut](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_search_engine).
3. Using the [src CLI command](https://github.com/sourcegraph/src-cli).

> In all cases, clients use the [search query](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:schema.graphql&patternType=literal) in our GraphQL API that is exposed by our [frontend](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/-/tree/cmd/frontend) service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all cases, clients use the [search query](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+%5Cbsearch%5C%28+file:schema.graphql&patternType=regexp) in our GraphQL API that is exposed by our [frontend](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/-/tree/cmd/frontend) service.
```

This is supposed to be with regexp toggled on. Looks like this doc hasn't been updated since we introduced literal search (a long time).

Reviewer: [linke to query](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+%5Cbsearch%5C%28+file:schema.graphql&patternType=regexp)

First, the frontend [resolves which repositories need to be searched](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+func+%28r+*searchResolver%29+resolveRepositories%28&patternType=literal). It parses the query for any repository filters and then queries the database for the list of repositories that match those filters. If no filters are provided then all repositories are searched, as long as the number of repositories doesn't exceed the configured limit. Private instances default to an unlimited number of repositories, but sourcegraph.com has a smaller configured limit (`"maxReposToSearch": 400` at the time of writing, but you can check the [site config for the current value](https://sourcegraph.com/site-admin/configuration)) because it isn't cost effective for us to to search/index all open source code on GitHub.

> Next, the frontend [determines which repository@revision combinations are indexed by zoekt](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+zoektIndexedRepos%28+file:zoekt.go&patternType=literal) by [consulting an in-memory cache that is kept up-to-date with regular asynchronous polling](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+%22%29+start%28%22+file:internal/search/backend/text.go&patternType=regexp). It concurrently [queries zoekt](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+zoektStream+%3D+zoektSearch%5Cb&patternType=regexp) for indexed repositories and [queries searcher](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+%22return+searchFilesInRepos%28%22+file:textsearch.go&patternType=regexp) for non-indexed repositories.

Author: This is a change in the actual search term. I was not able to find any function by the name of `zoektSearchHead` in the codebase (although there's a reference to it as a string in a `t.Error` function). I dug deeper down the :rabbit: :hole: and replaced the search with what I thought should be the search term instead. 

So I would like to draw special attention to this change for review to verify if my change is correct or not. :smile:

Reviewer: Yeah the code's changed. I would use [this](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:%5Ecmd/frontend/graphqlbackend/textsearch%5C.go+indexed.Search%28&patternType=literal) for "It concurrently queries zoekt".
